# CS330-Narwhal
Designing te code for this 3D scene required me to think carefully about how individual components come together to form a cohesive visual environment that not only functions, but looks deliberate. I approached my design by designing the pieces incrementally from basic 3D shapes, and later adjusting them to fit together not only spatially, but with texture that would be expected. The project helped me to develop design skills centric to modeling and visual hierachy. I expanded the scene incrementally by starting with a more complex object, and adding camera adjustments with lighting effects later. Focus upon how the user may perceive the space was what ultimately defined the design decisions. 

Developing the 3D scene strengthened my overall programming approach. I had to utilize logical and creative thinking simultaneously to not only design the scene, but how the lighting might interact with the geometry included. New development practices emerged during the designing, such as testing small changes frequently to insure they matched the desired outcome. Iteration was key in this as each milestone required a revisit to previous work, and required code to build upon itself to create a finalized scene. These experiences tied directly to my more long  term goals, as computational graphics and visualizations helped to solidify my ability to think spatially and solve problems creatively. Clear system design and problem solving are essential to my desire for a professional transition into Identity & Accesss Management or Cloud Security.
